even though he looks so small and
do not think it is just next door
largest rail yard of europe the am
hamburg massa station is visible
infinitely more travel with the same
building in between trains and
locomotives but that half of the
coffin the other side again just like that
big the water looks like one
fan is called a track of oats or
the direction city'll be the
whole train station is over seven kilometers
long
and what happens now on his office there
a locomotive is the culprit many
freight wagons from all nations countries the
from here in different directions
we have ours before the train stops
rinke this train already electronically
be right
he knows what dare turn are what everyone
choice moves and where every dare should go
finished relatively long list
what is the locomotive driver doing?
locomotive off
fakt make the professional office guests to cover
after each and the better off with it
but also contrary
and this cell-mate arrives here
there is books waiting where to go
the very flattened book means so much bigger
he does not throw that list all over
train then left the curb so that the
Legs are unbraked after climbing
list between the wagons
Prevent a departure of several depending on
The plans are firm after air
Finally, valves loosen the screws
Clutch and wave
the first time he left the
Whole access that dogs for one
kilometer turns on that
same releases the brakes and hangs the
Dare off when done it settles
behind the train a so-called
shift lures you
and slowly pulls the train to a drain
mountain
that made out what is an expiration
berg I listened to the hand on the side of the
pushed and because the cars of the
End users run on the system and
even under
but where do they run into?
direction track worth circle harbor always
the gen to punish in and after
Denmark or Sweden or wherever
always that the horizontal tracks and
ensures the completely switched off
reach exactly after the cell is a
the beginning and supervised by the mountain massa
and how are you now with you can see that
They were in different directions
go to a timelapse otherwise
that would have taken too long
So when , for example, he emma
A glass of a car can come to the
Port come come differently and so on
and so on
Of course, that does not happen so fast
But the whole train will be over the drain
Berg pushed all the way to the last gong
and the possibility with it the balance
not in too fast
the same direction went there
act from right and left on the carrier
the badenheimer does not slow down so much
be equal to the English the
abroad until they hit the calves
which also be in the direction
and if he is not a whole sharp
understand
daniel directly to the offender on the wire
be through from below against the wheels
and push the whole train together and
when then all generations write
each other are coupled together
make a memento for all then join
but many papers for the new train
then go the engine of dice and then
this new train can leave
for example in bill
so
the new train still leaves the train
railway station
and leave it to wash again